ABC Organization
	Selling through:
		Amazon	12 - 15% commission
		Ebay	12 - 15% commission
		etc.

What company wants:
	Build webstore
		List all products distributed across online retailers on said website
			Products should be sorted by category and customer should be able to select category
			Items that sold slowly through online retailers should be listed as "on sale" on this website
				Discounts should be 25%, 50%, or 75%

	We want customers to subscribe to the website

	Marketing
		Ship thank you card with every shipment that was ordered through an online retailer
			Card should invite each customer to shop directly from their website in the future

Why the company wants this:
	to increase sales and get customers to purchase directly from them, avoiding the 12-15% commission by selling through online retailers

Estimated Cost:
	$45,000

Estimated timeframe for implementation:
	6 months

Estimated benefits:
	50% increase in sales

Risks
	1. Will customers be willing to sign up on the website (customer adoption)
	2. Will the project increase sales as projected
	3. Legal Risk
		Security breaches compromising customer data may lead to lawsuits
	4. Storage and shipping
		Amazon handles storage and shipping, and they also handle the associated risks including
			lost or damaged shipments
			Return and restock costs
			Employee Salaries
				Associated Risks with employees
					Injured Employees
					Unexpected call outs
			Rental Fees for storage units
			Insurance
	5. Changes in market costs of supporting services
		Server costs
	6. Consequences for not completing project in specified timeframe
		results in increased costs or incomplete project
	7. Subscription engagement
		do customers respond to marketing campaigns
		do they engage with your brands

Additional Questions:
	Who are the stakeholders
		What is the company structure
		Who are we working with in the company
	How much does the company make, gross and profits?
	The estimated cost is 45,000 dollars
		What does this cost cover?
		What has not been covered (warehouse, employees, permits)?
	What kind of market research has been done?
		